INSTUI-3304 ui-tree-browser: add 'sortOrder' property to TreeBrowser component (#776)
instructure/instructure-ui: packages/ui-tree-browser/src/TreeBrowser/README.md

render(<Example/>)
```

### Change the order of appearance of items and collection

> By default, the order of collections and items depends on the order of `collections` and `items` array. We can override it by add new `sortOrder` comparision function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the order of collections and items depend on the order of `collections` and `items` array. We can override it by providing a `sortOrder` comparison function.
```

---

**NOTE**

This works with all collections and items of the TreeBrowser.

---

```js
---
example: true
render: false
---
class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor (props) {
    super(props)
    this.state = {
      size: 'medium'
    }

    this.sizes = ['small', 'medium', 'large']
  }

  handleSizeSelect = (e, size) => {
    this.setState({ size })

>   };

Reviewer: For this example the size setters don't seem relevant, this is already displayed in another example. If you would like to make it interactive, I suggest having a "Sort collections alphabetically" checkbox where you can turn the sorting on and off, and that would display what this property does very nicely :)
